_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

remove unnecessary pages and add about
Co-Authored-By: shengsheng375 <216482741+shengsheng375@users.noreply.github.com>

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: headshot.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Chicago, IL</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

---

Edison Sun is a mechanical engineering student at Northwestern University pursuing dual Bachelor's degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Integrated Science. As a member of Northwestern's selective Integrated Science Program, he focuses on advanced research at the intersection of engineering and medicine.

Currently an Undergraduate Research Assistant at Northwestern's Biomedical Engineering Department and Feinberg School of Medicine, Edison develops deep-learning workflows for medical imaging applications. His research spans thoracic aorta segmentation, robotic optical coherence tomography for glaucoma diagnostics, and spectroscopic single-molecule localization microscopy. His work has been published in peer-reviewed journals including Analytical Chemistry and Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science.
